So in the last lecture we added the sign up and sign in the firebase way.
And now our app is kind of broken because we no longer store a user.
No I will no longer store one here.
I will instead store is off which is a boolean in which initially should be false.
Now is is all the method name.
Let's name it is authenticated to not have any conflicts here.
So is if any code is a boolean.
If we do log in successfully here off successfully is called.
So in all successfully here I want to set that this is often dictated to true.
And in log out I want to set it to false and this means I can remove this user assignment here and in
get user I can get rid of that.
That won't work is all on yabber hand hearable return.
This is authenticate it.
If we save this then we go back to our application.
Let's now try to log in again with valid credentials.
Now it works.
Now we can navigate around again.
This is one way of doing this and it's not necessarily the worst but we will face an issue if we actually
start working with protected resources on the server.
If we lock down our firebase database so the firestorm database then we will need to prove to dad back
and so to firebase that we are offending hated and sending a single Boulia and it's not enough because
anyone could do that.
Instead we will need to send a token debts issued to us by firebase.
Let's have a look at what I mean with that and how authentication and single page applications actually
works.